update Modifying values in arrays / Appending new values simplify. (#1189)
solidjs/solid-docs: src/routes/concepts/stores.mdx

### Appending new values

> To append values to an array in a store, use the setter function with the spread operator to return a new array that includes the new elements. For appending a single element, you can instead leverage the "path syntax" by specifying the array’s length as the index to set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To append new values to an array in a store, use the setter function with the spread operator (`...`) to create a new array that includes the existing items and the new ones.
For appending a single element, you can instead leverage the "path syntax" by specifying the array’s length as the index to set.
```
